



### 图画描述

- 图画描述=如图所示 + 基本公式
- 图画描述的情况
  - 单图：图画描述公式
  - 单图+文字：图画描述公式，文字说明
  - 两图：图一公式。关联词，图二公式
  - 两图+文字：图一公式。关联词。图二公式。文字说明
- 如图所示
  - As is (vividly) shown in the (ridiculous) cartoon, ...
  - It is shown in the picture that ...
  - eye-catching 夺人眼球的
- (在) 地点 + 动作 + 核心事物，doing sth，with + 次要事物
  - with + n + 介词结构 (表位置)
  - with + n + doing (表主动)
  - with + n + V-ed (表被动)
  - 例子
  - 脸上有个甜甜的微笑，with a sweat smile on (her) face.
  - 有叶子在飘落，with leaves falling down
  - 有被扔在旁边的拐杖（crutch），with (a pair of ) crutches (being) put aside
  - 如图所示，在一张桌子旁边坐着一位年轻的女士，他低着头，努力地工作着，桌上有两堆书
  - As is shown in the cartoon, beside a desk sit a young lady, lowering her head and working hard, with two piles of files on the desk.
- **两幅图 -- 独立句子分开描述图画，图与图之间用关联词连接**
  - 图一描述。关联词，图二描述
  - 关联词 
    - 通用： meanwhile，30 year later/ago
    - 相同：**Similarly**，**furthermore(更进一步的是)**，more importantly
    - 相反：but，however, yet, **on the contrary**, **ironically(讽刺的是)，regrettably(令人遗憾的),unfortunately(不幸的是)**
  - 如图所示，在书架前坐着一个懒惰的年轻人，炫耀自己大量的藏书。然而，桌前坐着另一个男人，设定了一年的目标并且立即行动
  - As is shown in the cartoon, in front of the bookshelf sits a lazy young man, showing off his numerous books. Yet, in front of the desk sits another man, setting a one-year goal and taking timely action.
- 文字说明
  - 意译：
  - 我们了解到了... ：We are informed that ...
  - **文字说明揭示了... : The caption indicates:...(**可接单词或者句子)
  - 例子：
  - 副标题显示：习惯。| The subtitle indicates: a good habit
  - 通过文字，我们了解到：一个好的榜样对小孩子的成长很重要。 (From the captions,) we are informed that a good role model plays a key role in kid's growth
  - 文字说明显示了，”相携“。 The captain indicates: Being Supportive.
- 图画总结（第一段太长可省略）
  - 这个暗示不仅信息丰富，而且具有教育意义
  - The implication is not only informative, but instructive as well.
  - 这副图画所描述的似乎有一些夸张，这已经引起了社会的广泛关注
  - What is depicted in the picture seems exaggerated, which has attracted extensive attention of the society.
  - 作者要告诉我们的就是这些吗？当然不是了
  - But is this the author tries to tell us? Certainly not.
- (2008)   As is shown in the cartoon, along the path run two physically-challenged men, holding each other’s shoulder and heading to the same direction, with a pair of crutches aside
- (2019) As is shown in the picture, on the way of climbing mountain sits a young man, saying that he is too tired to persist. However, the other guy is much more optimistic. He takes a bottle of water from his backpack and offers it to his companion, encouraging him to take a rest before continuing climbing, with a sweet smile on his face. The subtitle indicates: On the Way .
- (2007)As is shown in the cartoon, on the boat sit two visitors, sightseeing and chatting, with many trash such as dead fishbone on the lake. The caption reads: After the Traveling.
- (2010)As is shown in the picture, on the desk stands a hotpot, boiling a wide variety of elements such as Kungfu and the like. From the caption, we are informed that cultural hotpot is not only delicious but nutritious as well.
- As is shown in the cartoon, around the table sit four young men, lowering their heads and staring at mobile phone, with a table of untouched food. The subtitle indicates: Party under the Age of Cellphone.
- (2017) As is shown in the cartoon, in front of the bookshelf sits a lazy young man, showing off his numerous books. Yet, in front of the desk sits another man, setting a one-year goal and taking a timely action. The captions reads: having books and reading books. 

### 正面

- Almost no one in China fail to notice the wisdom that **teamwork**（主题词） is power.
- As is vividly shown in the cartoon, （图画描述）
- Simple as the picture is, the symbolic meaning is as deep as ocean.
- Among all the touching facts relating to **strong will** that I have heard, noticed, experienced, the most impressive one is Alexandre Dumas.
-  （举例子）**Kobe**, honored for his success in **basketball sports**, is always remembered for his spirit of **persistence and strong will**, which shines through every chapter of his life. His experience teaches us a wisdom : without **a strong will**, how could it be possible for him to meet all the challenges and succeed?
-  According to one latest survey conducted by **a certain national authority**, almost 90% of successful people are influenced by **strong will more or less**.
- Considering every aspect of this positive phenomenon, we should bear in mind that **the importance of strong will in daily life.**
- For one thing, mass media, such as radio, television and the internet, should make every effort to propagate and advocate **the spirit of persistence**. For another, the public should enhance **the consciousness of perseverance.**
- I believe a happy and bright future is awaiting us if we can work together all the time.

### 负面

* The problem of **mobile phones addiction**(主题词) is more serious in no country other than china
* As is vividly shown in the cartoon, （图画描述）
* What is depicted in the picture seems exaggerated, which has attracted extensive attention of the society.
* Undoubtedly, the purpose of this picture is to show us that due attention should be paid to **environmental pollution caused by tourists’ misbehavior**.
* What exactly contributes to this phenomenon ? It is a thought-provoking question. Firstly, **a lack of laws and regulations environment** leads to **pollutions to punish people who destroy in scenic spots**. Secondly, **a lack of**
  **consciousness to respect and protect our mother nature results in the unbalanced ecological system**. Last but not least, **mass media might not report misbehavior of tourists.** If we keep turning a blind eye to it, the problem mentioned above is bound to generate severe consequences. For example, **an increasing number of scenic spots are destroyed and closed.**
* 省略，字数太多了
* The situation being so serious, it is high time that we took effective and efficient measures to solve the problem. 
*  For one thing, the government has the responsibility to educate every citizen **to regulate his or her behaviors**. For another, the public should enhance **the**
  **consciousness of protecting environment**. (The mass media, such as radio, television and the Internet, should make every effort to **prevent** it.)
* With proper laws(regulations) and alert public, it will only be a matter of time before the problem becomes a thing of the past.

### 中立

- Recently, it often hits the headlines of newspapers that an upward tendency for tourists **to throw trash and destroy environment in scenic spots**, which has aroused a heated discussion among the public.
- As is vividly shown in the cartoon, （图画描述）
- The implication is not only informative, but instructive as well.
- This impressive picture has subtly revealed the relationship between man and the internet.
- Is **the internet** a blessing or a curse? Views might vary from person to person .
- On one hand, some people might hold the view that **the internet may shorten the distance between people**. **Furthermore, they also claim that it enables people to chat freely through wechat or QQ.** On the other hand, the rest might hold the other side of this picture. They argue that i**ndulging in the internet (instead of talking with others face-to-face) leads to the fact that we spend less time with our friends and families.**
- Were there no **cyber**, never would we **taste the happiness of e-chatting**. Yet, were the situation of **indulging internet** to continue, we would feel more and more **lonely**.
- In terms of **the impact of high-tech on interpersonal communication**, if used carelessly or without restraint, the **internet** could prove to be a double-edged sword.
- Therefore, as the common saying goes, what we should do is to “absorb the essence and neglect the drawbacks”.
- By waiting and hoping, we will be able to achieve our ultimate goal.
